What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A respository is initailized with 0 commits. The reason we need this is to keep track of the commits that are
done to the respository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is temporary area that holds files that will be committed to the respository, one, some, if not all 
the files. The working directory just shows the current files that exist. The value that the staging area offers
is that it allows the ability to see what files are going to be commited, a single or multiple files can be staged to be commited at one time. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
The staging area can be used to commit one logical change at a time.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
one situation where branches are helpful is when you want to change the head of the commits but leave the rest of
the commit history alone. for example making a fix for the head, trying out an experimental feature,making a mode 
where a game is easier to play or changing the head so that it is in a different language like italian.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams help me to visualize the branch structure by being able to see how the branch structure is set up.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result of two branches being merged is that only files that are common on both branches and new files are added to the new branch. The merge creates a new Head, that is the reason the diagram is displayed the way it is.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
The pros about automatic vs manual merging is that automatic merging is quick and automatically documented so that you only save the documentation once its created. The cons of automatic vs manual merging is that conflicks can occur on occation which will not allow the merge to complete, when that happens manual merging needs to be done to resolve the conflick in the files being merged.