When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?
    Remote repositories are great for collaborating on a project with a group pf people.
    Remote repository are also great for keeping a backup of your work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    The purpose of making pull requests manually is to make sure the changes 
    you want to merge into the master repository are correct with no bugs.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    cloning only happens from the the github server to local computer. when a 
    branch is push on to github respoitory, commits that are connected to the 
    branch will also be sent. A fork is a copy of a repository from one github account to
    another github account. Forking a repository allows you to freely experiment with changes
    without affecting the original respoistory.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    The benefit of having the last know stat of the remote locally is that you are able 
    to work on it offline when you do not have access to the internet and then later commits 
    the changes when you have access to the internet again.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    One way to collaberate with out Git or Github would to for have all persons collaberating 
    having access to the same file or files on a cloud or ftp site. Using Github would be easier 
    and using Cloud or FTP site would be harder.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    By making changes in a separate branch you can test new code to see if it works, 
    once you know the new code is working it can be transfer to the master.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
    Having the last state of the remote stored locally allows you to collaborate with a group of
    people if you want to make changes. if the changes are accepted by the group you can merge
    changes to the master.
